Finish roadmap update (#3961)
hashicorp/waypoint: website/content/docs/resources/roadmap.mdx

This is a more manual approach to reading our roadmap and includes small details
such as bug fixes, but is much more accurate to what we're working on.

> ### Custom Pipeline

Reviewer: This reads like we don't support custom pipelines at all! I think we should at least mention that some of this functionality is availble as a feature preview, and link to those docs.

Author: Updated. Does the section make sense now? Too specific?

> Waypoint has always had `build`, `deploy`, and `release` as lifecycle events
> but to handle more complex deployment, Waypoint needs the ability to add custom steps.
> We plan to add the ability to script custom steps like container scanning or integration
> with project management tools. Also, custom pipelines will allow user to compose thier
> own Waypoint pipeline with custom steps and embedded pipelines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Waypoint has always had `build`, `deploy`, and `release` as lifecycle events,
but to handle more complex deployments, Waypoint needs the ability to add custom steps.
We plan to add the ability to script custom steps like container scanning or integration
with project management tools. Also, custom pipelines will allow users to compose their
own Waypoint pipelines with custom steps and embedded pipelines
```

### App Promotion

Waypoint has the [workspaces](/docs/workspaces) feature for
isolating different environments. We plan to build on this feature,
and custom pipelines, to enable workspaces that may target different
infrastructure environments (such as a dev vs. production cluster), and we
want to build features so applications can be easily "promoted" from

> one stage to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one stage to another without rebuilding artifacts in each workspace.
```

> Waypoint initially has the [workspaces](/docs/workspaces) feature for
> isolating different environments. We plan on building on this feature
> and custom pipelines to enable workspaces that may target different
> infrastructures (such as a dev vs. production cluster) and we
> want to build features so applications can be easily "promoted" from
> one stage to another.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Waypoint has the [workspaces](/docs/workspaces) feature for
isolating different environments. We plan to build on this feature,
and custom pipelines, to enable workspaces that may target different
infrastructure environments (such as a dev vs. production cluster), and we
want to build features so applications can be easily "promoted" from
one stage to another.
```

### Infrastructure Provisioning

> We plan incorporating a tighter integration with [Terraform](https://terraform.io)
> to enable folks to provision infrastructure right from their waypoint.hcl file.
> Waypoint will be able to trigger Terraform to provision deployment infrastructure,
> and connect that infrastructure to the Waypoint server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We plan to incorporate a tighter integration with [Terraform](https://terraform.io)
to enable folks to provision infrastructure right from their waypoint.hcl file.
Waypoint will be able to trigger Terraform to provision deployment infrastructure,
and connect that infrastructure to the Waypoint server.
```

This is a more manual approach to reading our roadmap and includes small details
such as bug fixes, but is much more accurate to what we're working on.

### Custom Pipelines

Waypoint has always had `build`, `deploy`, and `release` lifecycle events, but
to handle more complex deployments, Waypoint needed the ability to add custom steps.
We recently released a [Tech Preview of custom pipelines](/docs/pipelines),
introducing the ability to script custom steps, such as running tests after a
build or security scanning artifacts prior to a deploy. As we work to bring this
feature out of Tech Preview, custom pipelines will grow to allow users to compose their
own Waypoint pipelines with custom steps, embedded pipelines, and further

> customizable steps and plugins, such as integrations with project management tools.

Author: Done!
